Death
The adventurers face the grim aftermath following the battle ontop Yester Hill. The lightning has stopped, and Benjamin lies face down in the mud, dead. Although the party has defeated the attackers, they are drenched in mud and blood — the blood of their enemies, but also their own.

The Aftermath of Thunderhill
The "Ent" is making its way towards the winery. Stephania went ahead to warn the winery, desperate to save her family. Reese and Ilizeros kill off the remaining barbarians who are still fighting amongst themselves. Reese then charges towards the grove from where the druids came, seeking Claudio, with Ilizeros stealthily in tow. They find the naked body of Claudio at the foot of the tree, pierced by spikes and roots. Reese hurls firebolts at the tree in a desperate attempt to destroy it. As the bolts hit the tree twiglings begin to emerge from the underbrush and wander around the grove. The party decides to disengage and go back to the stone circle on the mountaintop. There, they see from afar the mysterious rider on the flaming horse they already encountered during their ascent. They decide to give this figure a wide birth and head down the hill after the 'Ent'.
Reese and Ilizeros follow the "Ent" to the winery; it has carved a path through the forest. They find the winery destroyed, and Stephania's family is already heading to Valaki on their wagon, having salvaged some wine. The "Ent's" echoing sounds in the distance suggest it is now pursuing the wagon.

The Hooded Figure
Meanwhile, a hooded figure travels through the forest and approaches Valaki. He observes refugees outside the city gate. Upon entering the camp, he learns that Barrovia has been overrun by dark creatures. The hooded figure holds a ceremony and tries to lift the sorrow of the people. Afterwards, he tries to talk to the city guards who refuse to let him or the refugees in. The hooded figure decides to sneak into the city. After some attempts, he makes it in and begins searching for a tavern.

The Party on the Run
The fleeing party decides to send a raven and warn Valaki about the attack that might happen to the city. They arrive at the city before the "Ent," but the guards still refuse to open the gate. With no options left, they decide to camp outside the city. A little later, they notice that the "Ent" seems to be more interested in the city.

Valaki Warned
The hooded figure finds the Blue Water Inn and books a room. He notices the innkeeper being warned by a young boy about something. They make their way out of the tavern through a hidden door. Stealthily the hooded figure follows them. Despite his best efforts, they notice him. He introduces himself as Yaroslav Korolev, a former priest of Barrovia. Together they warn the city about the incoming danger outside the gate.

The Fight and Its Aftermath
The party outside the gate, the city guards, and Yaroslav all unite to attack the "Ent," which tries to breach the city gate but fails. With a combined effort, the Ent is brought down with minimal casualties (one city guard).
Reese, Ilizeros, and Yaroslav return to the tavern, all in need of a long rest. Before resting, Reese trades the 'Gem of Growth' for a book that seems to contain a lot of information about Lord Strahd. He learns the following: A magical sword can kill him. A stake through the heart will keep him from moving.
After a much-needed rest, the party gathers in the common room of the tavern. Riktavio hears what happened on top of Thunderhill. He thinks that the rider on the flaming horse could have been Lord Strahd on his 'Nightmare'.
