---
title: Argynvosts Mansion
date: 2025-12-10
draft: false
toc: false
description: "The old reinforced Mansion lies silent"
---

The party decides to follow the command of the three knights and retreat to the foyer, where they take a short rest after having made sure the knights did not follow them. 
Afterwards, the party continues to search the castle for hints and finds a dusk elf hidden in a storage room. 
He introduces himself as “Savid” — a dusk elf who lives with the Vistani outside of Vallaki and is looking for a missing child called “Arabelle.” 
He was attacked by spiders and hid in the storage room.

The party questions him about “Argynvost,” and he shares that Argynvost is a silver dragon who takes human form. 
He led the group of knights called “The Order of the Silver Dragon” a long time ago in a fight against “Lord Strahd”. 
However, they were unable to defeat him and the order was destroyed. 
The party promises to look for “Arabelle” and sends Savid off. Ilizeros gives him a piece of his pie as a goodbye gift.

Thadeus finds a hidden door in the storage room, which leads to a living room with a hearth. 
A fiery figure appears and hisses at Thadeus: “My knights have fallen into the darkness. Show them the light they have lost.”
Then the figure dissapates.

The party continues searching the lower level. There is an office, a sleeping quarter, and a kitchen, but no further discoveries are made.

Afterwards, the party heads to the upper floor via the north balcony. 
This leads to a corridor, where the party opens the first door to the east. In the hearth of that room, a dragon shape appears and rushes toward the staircase leading to the second floor. 
The party swiftly follows the creature upwards.

The dragon shape leads them to a big room with a wooden throne. A gaunt armored figure stands there, armed with a greatsword (which makes Ilizeros drool). 
The skeletal figure reveals himself as “Vladimir Horngard,” commander of "The Order of the Silver Dragon". 
The party learns that he harbors a deep hatred for “Lord Strahd” and wants him to suffer endlessly. 
Furthermore, he informs the party that most of the remains of Argynvost are in the crypt, which are according to Vladimir "sealed". 
However the Skull of Arynvost had been taken by “Lord Strahd“ as a trophy. 
