---
title: Regime Change
date: 2026-05-21
draft: false
toc: false
description: "The party sets things right in Vallaki"
---

The party disposes of the skeletons quite easily without alerting anyone in the Mansion of Lady Wachter.

Thaddeus discovers a secret door leading to horrifying room:

There is a large pentagram and a large number of body parts on the floor, the coffin maker is tied up on the ceiling a hooded figure is sitting on the chair. Next to the hooded figure is a book. In the corner of the room there is a ghostly figure of girl watching them.

The party first frees the coffin maker and interrogates the hooded figure. He first resists but after intimidation by Ilizeiros, calls for repentance by Yaroslav and mind probing by Reese, he reveals everything. His name is Radowan and he works for Lady Wachter. He tortures and murders people for her and then chops up their bodys. This is also the room, where Lady Wachter assembled the original conspirators to take over the city. The book contains names of Baron-loyalists.

The ghost of the girl in the corner is Kalla and Radowan is scared of her - rightfully so. It turns out, she is a Banshee and wants a revenge on whoever killed her. Reese tells her it was Lady Wachter.

They leave the cellar with Radowan and the coffin maker and return to the baron.

There they plan the takeover. Yaroslav assembles all the townsfolk on the main square.

Then they lift the baron up and illuminate him. His carefully prepared speech does manage to win the people over. Lady Wachter and her Militia try to disrupt the speech but the party prevents this. Some of the militia men get convinced by the speech or the testimony of Radowan and the coffin maker. Lady Wachter gets banished which manages to intimated her remaining militia.

After the takeover in Vallaki, Izek, Ilizeiros and Yaroslav interrogate Lady Wachter. She has some magical abilities which helped her take power. One of those schemes was an invisible homunculus distributin gold among her followers making it appear as if Lady Wachter was conjuring gold out of thin air.

Shocked by the body parts in the pentagram-room, Ilizeiros goes too far getting information out of Lady Wachter. Suddenly he hears a voice...

